#labels Phase-Deploy,Featured
=PacerCMS=
Content management solution for student and non-daily community newspapers.

== Installation Instructions ==

=== Requirements ===
 * Apache or compliant Web server
 * PHP 4.2 or greater
 * MySQL 3.23.23 or greater

=== Getting Started ===

Note: With a bit of experience with setting up a Web application, you should be able to navigate these instructions with relative ease. If you have any questions, just drop us a line in the PacerCMS Developers Group ( http://groups.google.com/group/pacercms-discuss )

==== Database ====
 # Using a tool such as phpMyAdmin, create a database for your tables to reside within.
 # You will need to know the hostname, database name, username and password for your database installation.
 # Assign read and write permissions to the user that will be accessing the database.
  * Note: We recommend creating a separate user account that only has permissions on this one database for security reasons.

==== PHP Scripts ====
 # Upload the entire contents of the package to your server root, typically an {{{htdocs}}}, {{{www}}} or {{{public}}} folder. 
 # If you have access to the command line, change the file permissions for the cache directory.
  * {{{chmod 777 cache/}}}
 # You will also need write permissions on the {{{./includes}}} folder if you wish to use the config file writer.
  * {{{chmod 777 includes/}}}

==== Web Based Installation ====
 # Open your Web browser to http://path_to_pacercms/INSTALL/, with the CAPTIAL letters.
 # If you have already made the {{{./includes}}} folder writable, you should be prompted to create the config file.
 # Complete the steps provided to create the config.php file that will reside in {{{./includes}}} folder.
 # Upon successful completion, you will be directed to the installer.
 # Complete the steps provided to create the database structure and load the default data.
 # Be sure to write down the random password given to you, and change it to one that is easy to remember but hard to guess.

==== Alternative Installation ====
 # Copy the ./includes/config-sample.php file to {{{./includes/config.php}}} .
 # Modify the config.php file to reflect your server settings.
 # Using phpMyAdmin or other such utility, load the database dump in the {{{./INSTALL/demo/}}} folder.
 # You will need to update these tables with the proper name and url for your site: {{{cm_settings}}}, {{{cm_sections}}}.
 # By default, your username will be 'admin' and your password will also be 'admin'.

==== Site Settings ====
 # Login to the Site Administration section by opening http://path_to_pacercms/siteadmin/ in your browser.
 # Use the login creditials created during the installation process.
 # Review the Settings module to add contact information for your publication.
 # Review the Sections module to make the sections reflect the section name and editors used by your publication.
 # Open the Users module to change the password or add contact information for the site administrator.
 # Use the Users module to create login accounts for each contributor the site, using the Access sub-module to control how they interact with the Web site.

==== Template Design ====
PacerCMS uses a blue template as the default theme. If you have copied the contents of the {{{./templates/default}}} folder to {{{./templates/local}}} and made the necessary adjustments in the {{{./includes/config.php}}} file, you can begin editing the files to match your own desired templates.

Please see our Template Guides at http://code.google.com/p/pacercms/w/list for more information.


== Copyright and Indemnification Notice ==

PacerCMS - Content management solution for student and non-daily community newspapers
Copyright (C) 2003-2007  PacerCMS Development Group (http://pacercms.sourceforge.net)

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
